Overview
--------

To build Centreon Broker, you will need the following external dependencies :

    * a C++ compiler (like gcc)
    * the SOCI library and its dependencies (libmysqlclient for MySQL support,
libpq for PostgreSQL support, OCI for Oracle support, ...)
    * the GNU TLS library if you want TLS support

Centreon Broker can easy be built on Unix platforms using CMake.


Installing dependencies
-----------------------

In binary form

Some OS provides binary versions of some dependencies required by Centreon
Broker. To install them, use the standard package installation tool of your
plateform (apt-get on Debian and Ubuntu, yum on Fedora, CentOS, RedHat) and
install the following packages :

Software         OS Version         Package Name

GCC              Debian             build-essential
                 Ubuntu
make             Debian
                 Ubuntu
SOCI 3           Ubuntu Karmic 9.10 libsoci-core-gcc-dev
GNU TLS          Debian             libgnutls-dev
                 Ubuntu

From sources

If your OS does not provide the required packages in a binary form, here's a
list of where to find informations on the packages build process.

Software   How to build

SOCI 3     http://soci.sourceforge.net/doc/structure.html#compilation (use this patch if you can't compile SOCI 3.0.0 out of the box).
GNU TLS    http://www.gnu.org/software/gnutls/devel.html


Configuration
-------------

At the root of the project directory you'll find a build/CMake directory which
holds build scripts.Generate the Makefile by running the following command :

cmake .

CMake will check for all necessary dependencies and indicates if they could not
be found.

// XXX : available flags


Compilation
-----------

Once properly configured, the compilation process is really simple. Just run :

make

And wait until compilation completes.


Installation
------------

Installation process is also simple. Just run as root :

make install

And you're done ! This command will install the following files :

File            Description
libroker.so     Common library with most utilities used by the two following binaries.
libcbmod.so     Nagios-loadable module (aka NEB module).
cbd             Standalone daemon binary.
